today's episode is brought to you by
Squarespace come on over to
squarespace.com slash rogue sign up for
a free trial when you do sign up for the
service use promo code rogue get
checkout get 10% off your first order
alright we're back again with red team
Alliance we've got Babak we've got Devia
we've already explored magnetic stripes
we've learned how RFID works and how
people can hack it what do you got for
us now we've got an electronic lock for
you here we've been doing various
electronic access control things this is
kind of new and fresh this is I know a
guy it's not available in the US right
now but this product is from Korea and
it operates with RFID right it operates
with a lot of technologies but RFID is
popular of course it occurs to me right
now some people might think this is that
this they did add whoever this company
is I don't even know go exactly so if
you have a card sure enough you can get
in not fumble around with your keys but
if a nefarious person steals your card
and it's like oh my god my my card is
gone and my house is locked how can I
get in you smash a window
well Jimmy Oh in the chimney you could
the Santa Claus attack well what I might
just do is say well even without my card
on me I can just kind of try that no
it's magic in your rings no I know how
it works you just gotta give it a little
that's not working the ring which is
tungsten baby no circuitry at all
whatsoever there is nothing in my ring
there is there absolutely do anything up
my sleeves moves no you're just gonna
lock a high five it likes me alright
builder beans I'm too excited about this
so if you uh if you rub your rub your
hand across my my fingers right here oh
yeah no you have a thing in your body in
between the first and second metacarpal
of each of I've my hands
subdermal ii implanted this guy with his
multi-syllable words yeah it's so weird
I'm used to people making sounds like
that around me
that is just a smaller version of this
you're a cyborg
basically yes he's more man than machine
by a lot but eventually we'll be more
machine than man yeah mainly biohacking
or a grinder lifestyle or you name it
but sorry call it bio Aggie
yeah I assumed that per what we learned
before there's a microchip in there
there's some kind of coil you actually
just take some scissors and you cut one
of those apart yeah and there if I did
kind of cut this up and swallow it would
it work for you inside your belly
someone did that with their transit card
in what was it Australia it was a
transit technology that was not
miniaturized yet and they really wanted
an implantable so they made their own
under skin well that's fun you walk up
to a card reader or lock it much like we
showed you earlier credentials that are
reprogrammable that's what this is I can
make this a number of things the guy in
Australia couldn't and the municipality
got upset and killed his credential oh
no it's kind of wasted effort oh so it
is important that it be reprogrammable
because otherwise you just have a number
on there right yeah and you don't want
just a piece of paper you want something
that you can constantly be updating yeah
and I assume you update it using the
same gizmo that you would use to update
one of these you can do and does does it
hurt I don't get hurt by most things
that people kind of scratch their head
at when I try it so it didn't hurt me
but I mean your mileage may vary that's
a yes
are you worried about that becoming out
of date like a lot of Technology and
then how bad is it to remove it you can
remove it I mean what goes in you can
come out of you just with blades and
effort I just realized I didn't see any
scars let me let me see yeah so that
heals up pretty good it's pretty
invisible and this one I do yes I won in
this hand why - what's the oh you
program their different keys you program
one in one word low frequency one is
high frequency what is the difference
between low frequency and high frequency
there are different credential
technologies low frequency is much older
like your 125 kilohertz kind of a low
frequency card the high frequency card
is what all modern systems are using if
you have NFC on your phone or if you
have tapped to pay that's all modern
1356 megahertz what are you using the
old one for nowadays most of the time I
use it on penetration jobs when we go up
to a building there are readers that can
do both technologies
called migration readers or
multi-technology readers and we say oh I
don't know multi-class I wonder if
they're using new technology on this
site for their credentials beep nope
still using procs
awesome oh so you get to sort of do the
equivalent of testing the locks without
without looking like you're pulling out
a badge and doing any absolutely that's
ingenious you told me a story about
getting into a server room yeah with a
guest bed can you recount that yes we
were on a job where we had stolen some
credentials using technologies we had
shown you before sniffing and cloning
and we all rewrote badges so we were
around the building and everyone had a
badge they could present and get into
doors we stole a guard badge but of
course if you get stopped and challenged
and someone says hey what are you doing
in here I will recognize you sometimes a
very proactive guard might say let me
see your badge and they present it to a
reader and if that doesn't match up with
who you are you got a bad day well what
I did because I'm the only team member
presently that has a subdermal I wrote
the guard badge to this hand I kept my
guest badge on my hip so I walked into
any building I wanted to any door I
wanted to and I did get caught in a
sensitive area and an employee said hey
wait a minute that's a red badge you're
a guest why are you in here honest
courted they called a guard over the
guard said hey wait a minute you don't
belong in here who let you in and I said
no look I I just badged into this room
like this isn't the coffee room you know
and they said no look you seem like a
nice guy but you're trying to cover for
somebody and that we need to know who
let you in and I kept pushing back and
finally the guard just is like yeah yeah
sock this is mobile one I'm here with a
guy with a beard and we're in server
room 6 yeah can you just roll that
footage back we don't know how this guy
got in the room and they rolled footage
back and they saw me walk up to the door
extend this kind of just smack like this
and the door goes green and they're like
the sock we're squawking they're like
dude we're watching it we're watching a
Red Badge open the door we don't know
what chop oh that's fantastic
that is amazing meanwhile I assume that
there's a practicality benefit if you
have the kind of job where you're you
don't want to have to worry about
keeping your badge on you you just do
the thing once and you can always get in
my wife did that it really freaked out
the head of security where she used to
work well what does it look like well it
looks like a small version of
yes oh there we go the dramatic reveal
it's so tiny can I put it up my nose
Total Recall style yes if we were to
make a list of things that you could do
you list I don't know if I would
recommend it is it okay for me to open
absolutely yeah so that particular chip
inside there is a My Fair style chip and
what does that mean technically it's not
even a real Mifare chip it's a clone
which allows you to manipulate some of
the data on there so you can clone hotel
key cards but basically if you inject
that into your hand then at most Hotel
properties we would be able to clone
your room key to your hand so then even
after you have like a really long and
involved evening and you lose your
credential you can still come back to
your room kind of slap your hand against
the door yeah and have it open could you
theoretically program it using the
hotel's equipment like when they program
a key you could but might look weird
reaching over the counter and just kind
of like like but we actually use the
proxmark the same tool we used last
episode to clone hotel keys onto those
so what do you say when people are
worried about this thing tracking you oh
my god so many comments about this no
concerns whatsoever first of all as
we've seen with with most RFID the range
is super tiny like there was a James
Bond film where as something that size
was in his arm and they were like
tracking him from space like that's not
real you have to be really close and
also it's not as you point out like a
fixed serial number I control what's
written on my tax I can blank them I can
write any data I want plus also if you
wanted to track someone you got a little
thing called their face and I hate
freaking yeah and of course there we're
carrying tracking devices and the things
that they put in my teeth when I was
sleeping yeah those are way more fish
crackers yeah I do have a concern though
because it looks like this is made of
glass
what happens if it shatters the special
glass it's hardened in a way that makes
it very resistant to cracking and in
damage so while it is still technically
glass and if with enough force yes you
can crush it the reality is that once
it's installed installed properly it's
actually very resilient and very very
safe unless like you have your hand with
a hammer we know people who are mixed
martial artists that have them I mean I
as anyone knows me I do a lot of led
acceleration so my hands are subject to
tons of recoil impulse all the time took
me a second to figure out what lit
acceleration was for what it's worth
within the community we've been using
these for a few years now about three to
four years and to date I have not heard
of an instance where someone had one of
these implants crack inside their body
now again anything is possible but I
just want to highlight that it's in my
opinion fairly unlikely you mentioned a
community how many people that we know
of have these implanted well in excess
of 10 people 100 100 every DEFCON
there's usually a free table where
people can come up and they'll buy the
chip but the service of implant is is
donation based if anything and hundreds
every many hundreds many times we're
well into over a thousand by know how it
imagined so I'm willingly yeah right as
far as I know most of them are willing
okay Susie astok consent yeah I assume
this is close to like for aesthetic
purposes people get subdermal implants
to put bumps on their head or whatever I
assume it's just sort of it injects what
between the dermis and epidermis that's
correct exactly yeah how often is
infection a problem if the person who's
doing it knows what the hell they're
doing and they understand the basics of
germ theory and disinfectant not a
problem again at DEFCON hundreds of
people I'm not aware of anyone showing
photos on Instagram of their big swollen
green hand after DEFCON happens right so
I I guess don't go to your local jewelry
shop and just say hey I put this online
well you should have it into my body
that is an option for people who don't
have like the ability to come to a
hacker conference or a Grindr conference
if you have a a tattoo parlor or a body
modification shop those are the kind of
places that will at least have the
sanitary set up to maybe be able to do
it to you if you order it online dude
that is awesome
it is but you know what's even more
awesome yeah you know
what are you gonna use this for okay I
want to walk up whenever I meet someone
I want their phone start playing Mambo
number 5 wait can you guys no no no when
I walked into a room I'd everybody's
phone starts playing thunderstruck by
ac/dc whole room we got on that can
Network is it can you program in like a
webpage so that somebody can use their
yes NFC reader oh you can do that you're
like hey I got some for you and then
they do it isn't it
[Laughter]
all right Murphy tell me where your
head's at
I'm in a warehouse on the edge of town
and a guy's gonna inject it chip into my
hand and my parole officer totally
called it so normal Tuesday then Yeah
right yeah I you think it's gonna hurt
he's done thousands of these yeah I
think he's gonna be fine
he's gonna be fine yeah it won't hurt
him it oh that's reassuring is it okay
okay oh you met Jason yeah I did
he's probably fine probably everybody he
fist bumps automatically goes to scam
stuff hell yes hey wait to lose the
sleeve reprogram the chip okay I'm good
yep ready to rock keep your hand relaxed
mm-hmm yeah then breathe out
well that's an unusual sensation what
does it feel like it doesn't hurt there
was a little pop it's a weird feeling
and it's over it's done robot oh my god
the moderate rock is now officially part
cyborg
I'm a modern cyborg now when there's the
robot uprising they'll spare me oh my
god dude that's awesome Jason I was cool
nicely you are a beast this guy was
amazing yeah we should introduce Cooper
Cooper thank you so much for this this
didn't hurt at all you made it really
simple it was weird and now I'm weird
which is awesome
more weird more we're already just Oh
drink water yeah also enjoy sleeping on
the couch missus is not gonna be happy
oh yeah that's gonna suck she loves
robots she's super into robots so I
could probably apply for the Avengers
now clearly No West Coast Avengers great
lakes of interest not even the Great
Lakes Avengers lower the champions the
defenders Justice League Teen Titans
nighter Justice League
have you seen the modern rom-com I'm
familiar with the site what's amazing
yes I'm telling you man that Squarespace
is award-winning easy intuitive WYSIWYG
design you don't have to understand HTML
what you have to do is create amazing
content and then they make it look
beautiful for you and the best part is
after you've done it you can say
backsies do it all over again and it
looks amazing it's really just clicking
and dragging if you're stupid and or
impatient even you can build a website
that looks stylish and current and sleek
it's so some on the road home to the
stupid and the impatience that's
accurate head on over to squarespace.com
slash rogue sign up for a trial once you
try it you're gonna fall in love with it
you're gonna want to use it and then
you're gonna make sure to use promo code
rogue at checkout that's ROG ue you'll
get 10% off and you
supporting our little show this is a
test if you don't spell it correctly you
don't get 10% off we've been trying to
give this to you for so long it's yours
you can do this I believe in you I'll
bet there's a beauty channel that their
promo code is Rouge and they're getting
all of their money
we're gonna have to declare war on the
beauty channels then yeah or invite them
thank you space
[Music]
[Laughter]